# Security Training

| ID            |
| ------------- |
| DSOVS-ORG-002 |

## Summary

The security training capability is focused on establishing a plan that can be measured and scale as the software project teams grow. The main objective is to foster continuous learning culture in which organisation will require invest personnel time to attend the training. The effectiveness of the training must be measurable and tailored to specific role of the personnel involved in the software lifecycle.

## Level 0 - No security training plan

There is no evident of formal training plan in the organisation for application security. The organisation does not provide sufficient investment in both personnel’s time and training materials, either through instructor-led sessions or computer-based modules.

## Level 1 - Verify at ad-hoc security training is conducted for all roles associated to development team members, operational support and end-users

There are some irregular application security training run within the organisation for the software project team. Although the training delivery can be instructor-led sessions or computer-based modules, there is no evident that training modules is tailored to personnel's role nor measured as individual KPI.

## Level 2 - Verify that scheduled repeatable role specific security training is conducted for development team members, operational support, and end-users

There is planned time schedule for personnel training that tailored to personnel specific roles. Although the training is run in regular set time basis there is no evident that the application security training is measured towards KPI or individual training goals.

## Level 3 - Verify that security training is scheduled and measured as part of individual training plan or KPI

The application security training is tailored to personnel's role and measured towards individual KPI within the organisation. The training effectiveness is continuously measured and improved by organisation to align with organisation's risk appetite, application vulnerabilities and personnel career goals. 

## Further reading
- https://owaspsamm.org/model/governance/education-and-guidance/